fix empty `plotly` plots (#5135)
JuliaPlots/Plots.jl: docs/src/basics.md

    Call `gui()` to display the plot in a window. Interactivity depends on backend. Plotting at the REPL (without semicolon) implicitly calls `gui()`.

---

> 
> ### Environment variables
> 
> A few environment variables control `PlotsBase` internals:
> - `PLOTSBASE_DEFAULT_BACKEND`: default backend, preempting the one set through the `Preferences` based mecanism;
> - `PLOTSBASE_TMPDIR`: temporay files prefix for (html) files (some browser are denied access to temporary directorie such as `/tmp`);
> - `PLOTSBASE_HOST_DEPENDENCY_LOCAL`: use a local `plotly` ressource instead of a cloud hosted one.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Environment variables

A few environment variables control `PlotsBase` internals:
- `PLOTSBASE_DEFAULT_BACKEND`: default backend, preempting the one set through the `Preferences` based mechanism;
- `PLOTSBASE_TMPDIR`: temporay files prefix for (html) files (some browser are denied access to temporary directorie such as `/tmp`);
- `PLOTSBASE_HOST_DEPENDENCY_LOCAL`: use a local `plotly` resource instead of a cloud hosted one.

#### For testing purposes
- `PLOTSBASE_TEST_PACKAGES`: list of backends to run the tests for
- `PLOTSBASE_PLOTLYJS_UNSAFE_ELECTRON`: ?
- `PLOTSBASE_IMG_TOL`: tolerance when comparing images during tests
- `PLOTSBASE_REFERENCE_DIR`: where to find the reference images

#### For building documentation
- `PLOTS_DOCS_DEV`: ?
- `PLOTDOCS_PACKAGES`: ?
- `PLOTDOCS_EXAMPLES`: ?
- `PLOTDOCS_ANSICOLOR`: ?

### Special julia variables

- `PLOTSBASE_DEFAULTS`: A way to set default values for plotattributes (e.g. in your `startup.jl` file). Should be a dictionary.
```
we do have a few more, I put a ? where I couldn't see at a glance what they were for
